---
title: "Rebooting My Blog"
date: Fri, 14 Jun 2019 08:48:43 +0000
draft: false
tags: ["Blogging"]
---

<div class="restore">
This post is a part of the  <a href="/project-restore/">Project Restore</a>, with the primary aim of excavating my previous writings. The material contained herein may not hold practical relevance and is most likely completely useless.
</div>

I am re-booting my blog under the new domain BitOfBinary.com A little bit of history. I started this blog in 2008 under the domain DeepakKapoor.Net. The early days (2008-2009) were very good. I was enjoying the newly found adventure. I got hooked on building an online profile. Not because of any cleverness on my part but by looking at some other people around me and just copying them. And it worked wonders. I found a place outside work where I could talk about technology and converse with fellow programmers. I changed the domain many times which was a dumb thing to do. If I think about the reason I kept on changing domain names, I cannot think of one. The only (dumb again) reason I can think is that I found a new domain name and thought it was better than the existing one. And then I got busy with other things and this blog got neglected. Other than a post or two every few years, I did not publish much. In a nutshell, I have not paid much attention to this blog. What has changed now? Why this reboot? There are two recent influences which inspired me to get back into blogging. The first one is a presentation by the famous Troy Hunt. The presentation is titled [Hacking your Career](https://youtu.be/-MUhcgXBj_A). If you have not seen it then I recommend watching it. The second is a book called The Joys of Compounding by Gautam Baid. What I learned from the book is that compounding is not just about money. It plays an important role in many aspects of our lives including health, career and happiness. Have you ever wondered why happy people just appear happy all the time and the grumpy ones are always grumpy? Why do succesful people keep attracting more success? That is compounding in action. It is the little things that we do which over a long time have a significant effect. So now I am looking at this blog as a compounding engine for my craft which is also my career. I will not make commitments to myself on how much I will write. I do not see any point in any of that. The idea is to have fun and expand my knowledge about things I find interesting in my field i.e. Technology. Few words about old posts. Posts before this one were imported from old backups, Wayback machine and the ever-reliable temp folder. In some of those posts, images are missing. I will try to restore them but if it doesn't happen, then I don't think the Internet will be any worse off. Till next time. Happy learning.
